This app will let a user login using Facebook Login API, post and schedule a post to user's Facebook Pages or Group

App.js contains 2 main components that are Dashboard and Login. 

Login component import FacebookLogin from 'react-facebook-login' which is a Facebook Login npm package created for React. This FacebookLogin function takes in the Facebook App Id as a prop that can be obtained after we have created an app on https://developers.facebook.com/. FacebookLogin also has other important props such as autoLoad, fields, and callback. The autoLoad prop can be set to true so that the application automatically login the users once they have granted access the first time, or false to prevent the application from automatically logging the users in. The fields prop takes in a string of data we want to get from Facebook API such as users' name, profile picture, birthday, hometown and number of friends. These parameters can be obtained using Facebook Graph Exploer on https://developers.facebook.com/. The callback props will pass in the function responseFacebook in App.js file and get the data (mentioned above) that is returned from Facebook Server. We can then save these data as states in our application.

Once we have the users' name, profile picture, birthday, hometown, and numbers of friends, we can then pass them in as props into the Dashboard component. The Dashboard component will render user's ProfileCard, a LogoutButton, and a PostComment component that is in charge of taking user's input and posting comments. 

The PostComment component's most important feature is that it lets us pick between posting to page or group. If the page button is clicked, it will set pageActive to true, and groupActive to false and passing these value to the onCommentSubmit function in Dashboard.js file when the Submit button is clicked. If the user wish to schedule a post at a specific time, he/she can do so using the Schedule button. This scheduling function will take the user date and time selection as input and return a date object. Then using these values, onCommentSubmit function will make an API request accordingly. However, we must first convert the date object that we receive from the user's selection and convert it to unix timestamp, because Facebook Post API requires a scheduled_publish_time parameter with a value in unix timestamp format, and published parameter set to 'false'. Note that to post or to schedule a post we must have a message paramter and an access_token parameter. The message parameter is simply the comment that the user would like to post, and the access_token parameter is our API access token which could be obtained using Facebook Graph Explorer. By default, access token expires in a very short period of time (a day or so), we need to extend this access token to get a long lived token by using Facebook Graph Explorer. 

A few important keys:
_We can post and schedule a post to a Page, and we can only post to a Group, but not schedule a post using Facebook API.
_scheduled_publish_time needs a unix timestamp as its value.
